Add menu mention in list nesting (#32895)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/ol/index.md

Typically, ordered list items display with a preceding [marker](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::marker), such as a number or letter.

> The `<ol>`, {{HTMLElement("ul")}} and {{HTMLElement("menu")}} elements may nest as deeply as desired, alternating between `<ol>`, `<ul>` and `<menu>` however you like.

Reviewer: I _think_ it is more like below. Specifically ul and menu are synonyms. So you shouldn't be having menu directly nested in ul or visa versa, but you can nest either of these in an `ol`, and an `ol` in either of them.

```suggestion
The `<ol>`, {{HTMLElement("ul")}} and {{HTMLElement("menu")}} elements may nest as deeply as desired, alternating between `<ol>`, and `<ul>`  or `<menu>` however you like.
```

> The `<ol>`, {{HTMLElement("ul")}} and {{HTMLElement("menu")}} elements may nest as deeply as desired, alternating between `<ol>`, `<ul>` and `<menu>` however you like.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `<ol>` and {{HTMLElement("ul")}} (or the synonym {{HTMLElement("menu")}}) elements may nest as deeply as desired, alternating between `<ol>`, `<ul>` (or `<menu>`) as needed.
```
just an alternate suggestion

The `<ol>` and {{HTMLElement("ul")}} elements both represent a list of items. The difference is with the `<ol>` element, the order is meaningful. For example:

- Steps in a recipe
- Turn-by-turn directions
- The list of ingredients in decreasing proportion on nutrition information labels

> To determine which list to use, try changing the order of the list items; if the meaning changes, use the `<ol>` element — otherwise you can use {{HTMLElement("menu")}} for interactive items or {{HTMLElement("ul")}} otherwise.

Reviewer: I would word this with ul first, rather than "otherwise" - in most cases people will use `ul` IMO.

> To determine which list to use, try changing the order of the list items; if the meaning changes, use the `<ol>` element — otherwise you can use {{HTMLElement("menu")}} for interactive items or {{HTMLElement("ul")}} otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To determine which list to use, try changing the order of the list items; if the meaning changes, use the `<ol>` element — otherwise you can use {{HTMLElement("ul")}} otherwise, or {{HTMLElement("menu")}} if your list is a menu.
```
